.TH huion-switcher "1" "" "huion-switcher" "huion-switcher Manual"
.SH NAME
huion\-switcher - switch Huion tablets to vendor reporting mode
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B huion\-switcher [\-\-help|\-\-version] \fI--all|<path>\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBhuion\-switcher\fR switches Huion tablet devices from the default firmware
reporting mode to the vendor reporting mode. In vendor mode the device uses a
HID vendor collection to report input data in a more precise and
device-specific manner than firmware mode. Some device features may only be
available in vendor mode.  However, vendor mode requires either a kernel driver
or a HID eBPF program to interpret the vendor-specific HID reports.
.PP
If you intend to use HID eBPF programs (see udev-hid-bpf(1)) for Huion tablets, you
will need the tablet in vendor reporting mode.
.PP
\fBhuion\-switcher\fR prints several strings in the KEY=VALUE format. These
strings should be passed to the HID eBPF program to allow for device-specific
behavior. Use the udev rule provided in the \fBhuion\-switcher\fR repository to
ensure the properties are passed correctly.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-all
Attempt to switch all connected Huion devices to vendor reporting mode. Note that Huion's
USB Vendor ID (0x256C) is re-used by other vendors (e.g. Gaomon) and thus any such devices
will also be switched.
.TP
.B \-\-help
Print help and exit
.TP
.B \-\-version
Print version and exit
.TP
.B path
A sysfs path to the device. Typically this invocation is used with a udev rule.
It is possible to use a hidraw path via the
\fI/sys/class/hidraw/hidraw*\fI.
.SH INVOCATION VIA UDEV
.PP
The recommended way to use \fBhuion\-switcher\fR is to install it in
\fI/usr/lib/udev\fR and invoke it automatically via the
\fI80-huion-switcher.rules\fR udev rule on device plug. The udev rule
can be found in the \fBhuion\-switcher\fR repository.
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
huion\-switcher's git repository:
.I https://github.com/whot/huion-switcher/
.PP
udev\-hid\-bpf:
.I https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/libevdev/udev-hid-bpf
